Privacy Policy
==============

Which Matatu is a web service for updating and querying boarding and
drop off points of matatus in Kenya (also referred to herein as the
"Service"), owned and operated by Sizawi Ltd (the "Company", "we", or
"us"). We officially welcome you to the Service. A community of
commuters around Kenya and we invite you to participate in the Which
Matatu Community by sharing your knowledge with your fellow
travelers. Like all communities, we ask you to participate in a manner
that respects your fellow community members. To that end, we provide
you with these terms of service ("Terms") to advice you on the legal
obligations you assume when you engage with the community or otherwise
access or use the Service.

1. Introduction to our Privacy Policy
2. General Privacy Notice for Which Matatu
3. What Information do we Collect?
4. How We Use Your Personal Data
5. Your Rights
6. Updates and Interpretation

1. Introduction to our Privacy Policy

Which Matatu's Service can be accessed by users across various
locations including in jurisdictions which have specific privacy
requirements.

This privacy policy describes how we collect, use, protect, share and
transfer information about you when you use any of our products and
services, or otherwise interact with us.

Personal data is any information about you by which you can be
identified or be identifiable (either on its own or when combined with
other information). This can include information such as your name,
email address and username; information about your device (e.g. IP
address); and information relating to how you use and interact with
our website.

2. General Privacy Notice for Which Matatu

This Privacy Notice is applicable to you, including when you contact
our customer service, sales or other teams for assistance or
inquiries.

Our website allows user to engage in a community to share their
knowledge and expertise, and to gain knowledge and expertise. It is
community-moderated and the content in the website is public and
therefore visible for anyone to see and is subject to our Terms of
Use.

Below you will find details about the personal information we collect
about you when you use our Services and interact with us; how and why
we collect it, how we use it, and how we keep it secure.

The Privacy Policy tells you about your rights, how you can exercise
those rights, and how the law protects you.

Sizawi Ltd. is the controller responsible for your personal data
collected on the website or directly by us for our operational
purposes.

3. What Information do we Collect?

This section sets out the categories and details of personal
information that we collect across our Services.

We collect and process your personal information in order to offer the
Website, and to offer you our Services.

If you decline to provide us with personal information when we ask
you, you may not be able to access all or some of our Services, and
you may not be able to use the Website or Services. For example, if
you do not provide us with your email address or other information
required for account registration, we will not be able to register you
for certain account services.

We collect:

Identity Data
We collect information such as your username, email address, password,
IP address(collected at each site visit). This information is also
used to identify individual users the Website and to award activities
and attribute them to you. Your username and additional content you
provide, including your profile picture, stage pickup and drop off
points, and your reputation, are publicly visible. We, or our
community moderators may delete a route, a stage, a comment, or all of
them, and after deletion such information is only available to certain
community members.

Contact Data
Including email address and telephone numbers, where need arises, for
operational purposes including providing Services.

Technical Data
Including Internet Protocol(IP) address, your login data, traffic
data, browser type and version, browser plug-in types and versions,
time zone setting and location, operation system, and platform and
other communication data which gives us information about how you
accessed our Website. Other account information and usage information
including your IP address and browser data may be used for diagnosis,
security and Services' optimization.

Account Registration Information
When you register for a Which Matatu account, we collect your name and
email address, your username and any other additional information you
provide. We will generate a unique identification number that we will
use to recognize you when you are signed in. We need to collect your
personal information for account registration purposes. Although the
Website provides for anonymous and pseudonymous participation, in some
instances in order to use certain services, we require account
registration. This requires a name associated with your account, an
email address at which we can contact you, and in some cases,
additional information, including a contact address, a billing
address, and a password to help secure your personal information.

Billing Information
For Services requiring payment, we collect a billing name, phone
number and email address. If you elect to pay via credit card or
Mobile payment, we may elect to engage a third party to securely
process your payment. All payment processing is done through a PCI DSS
compliant third party. If customers are paying by a credit card, their
card details are vaulted through a third party payment gateway. Sizawi
will store an encrypted token along with the last four digits of the
credit card and the expiration month and year of the card and will not
store or retain any other billing information about you.

Profile Information
When completing a public "profile", whether it is for use with the
Website or our Services, we may require you to share certain
personally identifying information in required and optional profile
fields. The name associated with your account which you may review and
change in your account settings, as well as reputation points are
publicly displayed and connected to your activity on the
Website. Moderators, who have elevated access privileges, may access
non-public user profile data, as well as content in posts and other
public data.

Other profile information may be publicly displayed if you choose to
complete certain elective components of the Account Registration
Options.

Information We Use to Identify And Authenticate You
We need this information to be able to recognize you, for example,
when you access your accounts. It also helps us protect your details
and keep them secure. We may also use this information for fraud
detection and prevention.

Analytics Information
Which Matatu uses data analytics to ensure site functionality and to
optimize our Service offerings to you. We use web browser and mobile
analytics to allow us to understand the Website functionality. In
doing so, we record information including, for example, how often you
visit the website, how often you contribute content, Website
performance data, errors and debugging information, and the type of
activity you engage in while on the Website or in your use of the
Services. We may on occasion share this information with third parties
with whom we have contracts for services to assist Which Matatu.

Information from Surveys, Questionnaires, Research and Feedback
Programs
We collect information from surveys, questionnaires, research and
feedback programs to help improve our services and give us
insights. We may also conduct similar research for advertisers and our
marketing partners. We ask you for your consent to use this
information when you participate in these programs and events.

Marketing and Sales Information
We collect information on the Services you receive and your
preferences; information about your device or the software you use,
e.g., its IP address, technical information and uniquely identifying
data; cookies and similar technologies we use to recognize you,
remember your preferences and tailor the content we provide to you.

Device and Browser Information Received Automatically
When you visit the website, Which Matatu automatically receives and
records information from your browser or mobile device, such as your
Internet Protocol (IP) address or unique device identifier. Cookies
and data about which pages you visit on our Website allow us to
operate and optimize the Services we provide to you. This information
is stored in secure logs and is collected automatically.

We may combine this information with other information we collect
about you. The information is used to keep the Services secure, to
analyze and understand how our services are used, optimize such usage,
and provide advertising across the Website as well as certain Services
to personalize your experience.

Location Information
When you use the Which Matatu Website and certain Services, we collect
location information about you, including your IP address, you
location, browser information, and how you came to the website. This
is the case for individuals who have registered for an account, and
non-members who engage with the Website but have not completed and
account registration.

The information is collected for various purposes, including
advertising, analytics and to serve content as it relates to certain
services, as well as to provide you with localized content,
recommendations and marketing. Certain location information we collect
is required for security and site functionality. We may share this
information with certain third parties (e.g., payment processors and
advertising providers) in order to provide you with our services.

You should not include any financial information or other information
you do not wish to make public when posting public information on our
Website. It is your responsibility to keep such information safe and
secure.

Revoking Permissions on Public Posts
Please be aware when using the Public Posts, you cannot revoke
permission for Which Matatu to publish and to allow others to have
derivative rights to such public content once it is made public.

The content you contribute on the public network is public, in
perpetuity, and Which Matatu loses control over such content when it is
published on the open internet. This also means that if you post
personal information about yourself, you do so at your own risk,
including the risk of abandoning any privacy rights you had in such
information. However, we can work with users to remove any personal
data that has been posted in error or which a user wishes to remove.

4. How We Use Your Personal Data
This section explains how we use your personal data and what we need
it for (purposes). We use your personal data only when we have a valid
reason and the legal grounds to do so. We determine the legal grounds
based on the purposes for which we have collected your personal
data.

Purposes for collecting and using personal information
We use the personal information for the following purposes:
- To verify your identity and enable you to access your Services when
you contact us or use our services.
- To protect your from fraud and for fraud prevention and detection.
- To provide commercial quotes to you e.g., when you inquire about a
service.
- For statistical analysis.
- To operate and improve our website.
- To notify you of any changes to our Website or Services that may
affect you.
- To provide you with technical and customer support.
- To ask your opinion or feedback on our services or surveys.
- To communicate with you about other Which Matatu Services, events,
offers, promotions and other information or news that we think may be
of interest to you. Whenever we communicate with you in this way, we
will give you an opportunity to opt out of receiving future messages.
- To enforce our legal rights or comply with legal requirements.
- To provide improved website and service experience and
communications informed by your Service subscription and/or data
collected.

Our legal grounds for using personal data
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. We will
use your personal data in the following circumstances:
- Where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or
have entered into with you. For example, where you have purchased a
product or service or requested a service from us.
- Where we have your consent. For example, where you have provided
your consent to receive marketing emails from us or where you have
given your consent to be contacted by a third party sponsor for an
event you have participated in. You can withdraw your consent at any
time. In the case of marketing emails, you can withdraw your consent
by clicking on the "unsubscribe" link in the email you received.
- Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
- Where it is in our legitimate interests, including our commercial
interests or a third party's legitimate interest in using the personal
information. Examples include when we analyze what content has been
viewed on our Website, so that we can understand how they are used and
improve our content; carrying out marketing analyses to better
understand your interests and preferences so that we can make our
marketing more relevant to your interests and preferences. This
includes when we promote our own products and services.

Whenever we rely on legitimate interests for processing, we ensure
that we consider and balance our interests against the individual's
interests before processing. We do not use your personal data on the
basis of legitimate interests for activities where individuals'
interests override our interests.


More details on how we use your personal data
Cookies and Similar Technologies
When you visit our website, we may collect personal data from you
automatically using cookies or similar technologies. A cookies is a
small file that can be placed on your device that allows us to
recognize and remember you. We may place cookies on your device (with
your consent, where applicable), as well as partner with third
parties, including advertising partners, who may use cookies or other
similar technologies to provide you with advertising based on your
browsing activities and interests.

Tracking
Which Matatu emails use Javascript for email tracking of opens,
clicks, and unsubscribes, or may contain a small, invisible, one pixel
image which can be used to let us know when the email is opened or
forwarded. If the email recipient has images enabled on their device,
when the email is opened, a message (an automatic request) is sent to
Which Matatu's server requesting for the image. That request is logged
and tells us the email has been opened. A similar process may be used
in relation to links or attachments in the email, with a request being
sent to Which Matatu for the content that is accessible via the links
or attachments, thus telling Which Matatu that the link or attachment
has been accessed.

Advertising on our Website
We work with third party advertisers to deliver ads on our
Website. This involves tracking, targeting and measuring, using your
personal data.

Targeting
- Advertisers can target their campaigns using topic tags.
- Advertisers can target by geography, which is identified through
Google Ad Manager, based on a visitor's IP address.

5. Your Rights
You have a number of rights in relation to your personal data, and you
can contact us if you want to exercise any of these.

Your rights include:
Access - The right to be provided with a copy of your personal data.
Rectification - The right to require us to correct any mistakes in
your personal data.
Erasure - The right to require us to delete your personal data-in
certain situations.
Restriction of processing - The right to require us to restrict
processing of your personal data in certain circumstances e.g., if you
contest the accuracy of the data.
Data portability - The right to receive the personal data you provided
to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format
and/or transmit that data to a third part - in certain situations.
To Object - The right to object: (1) at any time your personal data
being processed for direct marketing (including profiling); (2) in
certain other situations to our continued processing of your personal
data, e.g., processing carried out for the purpose of our legitimate
interests.

We may need to request specific information from you to help us
confirm your identity before we can deal with your request. We will
respond to your request within one month. If your request is
complicated, it may take us longer. We will let you know if we need
longer than one month to respond.

6. Updates and Interpretation
We may update this Privacy Policy as required by applicable law and to
reflect changes to our Personal Information Practices. If we make any
changes that we deem as "material" (at our good faith discretion), we
will notify you (using one of the notification methods mentioned
earlier) prior to the change becoming effective. In relation to any
updated Privacy Policy, we will, as required by any applicable law,
notify you, seek you consent and/or take any other measures. We
encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest
information in our privacy practices. Unless otherwise stated, our
most current Privacy Policy applies to all the Personal Information
that we have about you and across all our Services.
